Chunk-oriented processing requires a reader, processor, and writer.
While I've created the reader,
I won't be able to create the processor and writer
until the next sections of the course.
But what if I want to test the reader now?
Spring Batch provides us with support for stubbing
out these parts of a job step.
Here I'm displaying the implementation of a processor using the
Spring Batch class PassThroughItemProcessor.
This processor will simply take the input given by the reader
and pass it to the writer without changes.
For the ItemWriter,
I'll create a simple implementation of the Spring Batch ItemWriter interface.
I'll be writing each item out to the System.
err log.
While I've provided these for the purpose of stubbing
out the code and testing the reader,
they can also be very helpful in your implementation if you
simply want to debug one of the parts of a step.
Now let's implement these in the project.
We're going to create two methods for stubbing out processing and writing.
Note that I'll be following Demo 12 found in the DEMOS.
md file in the root project directory.
In this demo,
I'll show you how to implement a stubbed out processor
and writer to allow for verification of the full job
using the new FlatFileItemReader.
I've opened up the BatchJobConfiguration class where
we're going to add this stubbed code.
Let's drop it at the bottom of the class.
Here we see in the first Bean definition that I've created a
method that returns a PassThroughItemProcessor.
This does nothing,
it passes the argument on to the next part of the chunk processing.
In the second Bean definition,
I have a method that will take the PatientRecord and write it out to the System.
err log. This completes the completion of the stub for processing and writing items.